The Jain online MBA programme is a recognised programme that offers in-trend 18+ specialisations, such
as marketing, finance, analytics, supply chain management, general management, human resource
management, and much more. The college holds an NAAC A++ accreditation and is UGC-recognised.
Moreover, after completing the Jain online MBA, the average salary range you can expect is INR 8.0 LPA
and INR 25.0 LPA.

The curriculum covers subjects such as business economics, accounting, organisational behaviour, and
much more that prepare the candidates for job roles appropriate in the diverse fields of management. If
you are wondering about the Jain online MBA placement numbers, career prospects, and student
services? This blog answers all your questions. Read the blog further to know in detail about placement
opportunities after completing an online MBA from Jain University.

Jain University Online MBA Highlights

Jain online MBA programme is a 2-year PG degree programme that lets you learn all the skills and
knowledge needed to thrive in today’s business world. Here are the key highlights of the course:

 Parameters                         Details


 Course Type                        Master’s (Postgraduate)


 Course                             Online MBA Course


 Course Mode                        Online


 Duration                           Two Years, four semesters


 Recognition/Accreditation          UGC, AICTE, NAAC A++, NIRF Ranked, WES


 Fee Structure                      INR 1,60,000 – 2,98,000 for Complete Course (depending upon the specialisation)


                                        •     Expert Counselling Sessions

                                        •     Career Mentorship
 Placement Services
                                        •     Resume Building

                                        •     Placement Training

Career Opportunities                Operations Lead, Strategy Management, Talent Acquisition, Business Analyst, SEO Exe

Average Salary Package for Management Students in India

An average package or salary for an MBA graduate gives an insight into what an MBA graduate can
expect to earn, to understand the return on investment for their education. The salary package often
includes a base salary, bonuses, and miscellaneous other benefits. The average salary for MBA students
in India is INR 7 to INR 8 LPA. However, the figures can differ according to the colleges as well as the
specialisations.

Jain Online MBA Placement Statistics 2026

JAIN University Online (Deemed-to-be University) stands among India’s top private and deemed
universities, offering exceptional placement opportunities. With a strong network of recruiters and
industry partnerships, JU ensures your career success. This information has been gathered from the Jain
Online website.

 Parameters                                                                          Details


 Top Recruiters                                                                      2000+


 Average Salary Range                                                                INR 8.0 LPA - INR 25.0 LPA


 Average Salary Hike                                                                 65%


 Career Success Rate                                                                 78%


 Jobs Facilitated                                                                    15,454+


 Resolution Rate Within 24 Hrs                                                       80%


 Course Completion Success                                                           84%

Jain Online MBA Career Services

The Jain Online University career support shall make you job-ready. From resume optimisation to soft
skill development, the university shall assist you in each step of the way. Let's check out how Jain online
MBA can help you accelerate your career:

    1. Resume Building: Get guidance on how to create impactful resumes that would help you get
       shortlisted for your dream role. Moreover, learn how to structure and optimise your skills and
       existing work experience for a particular role.

    2. Profile Optimisiation: Similar to a resume, your professional and LinkedIn profile plays a crucial
       role in the current job market. It showcases your skills experience, helping you enhance your
       visibility.

    3. Interview Preparation: Learn how to tackle an interview at different career levels across
       industries. Moreover, get practical guidance on commonly asked interview questions.

    4. Soft Skill Development: Enhance your soft skills like confidence, communication, networking,
       professional mannerism, collaboration skills, and more.
    5. Technical Skill Development: To crack an interview one of the other important aspects is the
       technical skills essential in the field. With Jain online MBA you would get access to 20,000+
       LinkedIn Learning courses and micro-credentials powered by PwC, EY, and Grant Thornton.

Jain University Online MBA Impact on Career Prospects & Return on Investment (ROI)

The salary package that students at Jain University rely on directly depicts the education quality provided
here. With such high-quality education and a high salary, you certainly build yourself an outstanding
career. With the fee structure for the Online MBA at Jain University at INR 40,000 to INR 97,000 per
semester and the average salary secured at 10.80 LPA, we can say that the programme may give you a
high ROI.

A to Z Top Recruiters of Jain University

Jain University has tie-ups with several companies in the world. The number of recruiting companies has
increased in the last few years due to the student career advisory and placement support team. Let’s see
the names of the recruiters in the table below.

 Top Recruiters                                                               Top Recruiters


 Accenture                                                                    Nestle


 Bosch                                                                        Oracle


 Cognizant                                                                    PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers)


 Dell India Pvt. Ltd.                                                         Quess Corp


 Ernst & Young Services Pvt. Ltd.                                             Reliance Industries


 Flipkart                                                                     Samsung


 Grant Thornton India LLP.                                                    TCS (Tata Consultancy Services)


 HP (Hewlett-Packard)                                                         UHG (UnitedHealth Group)


 IBM                                                                          Visa


 JP Morgan                                                                    Wipro


 KPMG                                                                         Xchanging


 Lenovo                                                                       Yamaha
 Top Recruiters                                                                Top Recruiters


 MTR Foods Pvt. Ltd.                                                           Zomato

Factors That Influence Average Package of Management Students

Some of the significant factors that influence the average salary package after an online MBA in India are
listed below.




    •   ☑
        Rankings and recognitions of the B-school: An MBA degree holds a lot more value if pursued
        from a recognised school. Companies filter out the colleges based on their results, rankings, and
        overall reputation before collaborating with their placement cell.

    •   ☑
        Industries and their scope: There are several specialisations that an MBA degree offers. Each
        specialisation opens into a different industry or market of its own. While all the specialisations
        are noteworthy in terms of what they offer, finance is usually the one that offers some of the
        highest salaries. Roles in this industry, such as investment banking and asset management, are
        often the more desirable fields that offer lucrative packages.

    •   ☑
        Demand for jobs: There are specific job roles that are higher in demand than others. For
        example, the tech industry that offers roles such as software development, data science and data
        analysis is a promising field in the context of its growth and stability in the coming years. This
        also makes the profession more demanding and is often more highly paid than the other fields.

    •   ☑
        Company size: Each company has a different format and internal system. This dramatically
        influences the salaries they offer. The larger corporations offer higher salaries and perks such as
        health coverage, pension schemes, and occasionally educational grants. Start-ups or smaller
        organisations have less capital, leading to lower salary figures. Only if these organisations
        manage to succeed can the numbers go high. However, for such job roles, you have a lot more
        autonomy to make changes, unlike in giant corporations.

    •   ☑
        Individual work experience: When you have work experience to offer along with your degree
        and specialisation, you come off as a more professional graduate with the appropriate
        knowledge and skills to channel. Companies value such graduates. If you have experience in the
        field of finance along with a specialisation in it, you already know how the industry works and
        are presenting a strong profile to the recruiters.

    •   ☑
        Structure within the company: Even within a company, if the job functions differ, the salary
        figures also change. For example, if you work in the department of operations, you are
        responsible for ensuring the smooth functioning of the company, thereby earning a good salary.
        This does not assure promising growth or potential like the other roles, such as finance. The
        same role in the other companies may have a totally different salary to offer.

    For example, in the healthcare sector, operations management has a more lucrative package to offer.
This logic is also applicable to other job roles and companies.

Jain Online MBA Alumni Review

Here are honest Jain online MBA student testimonials. This will help you make an informed decision:

Aniruddh Chawat, Online MBA HR and Finance

As a working professional Aniruddh was looking for a flexible MBA programme to achieve his learning
aspirations. With Jain online MBA weekend live lectures, he could avoid exhausting long commutes and
enjoy learning from the comfort from his home. Moreover, the interactive sessions and discussion
forums made his MBA journey more interesting and top-notch.

Kalpitha S, Online MBA Finance and Marketing

Jain online MBA helped Kalpitha connect with a diverse cohort of peers from various industries. She
found the interactive lectures to be really helpful. Moreover, the biggest highlight for Kalpitha in this 2-
year online MBA programme was the guest lectures by industry experts, off campus immersion, and
industry visits, which helped her gain real world industry insights.

Source: Jain Online Website

Final Words: Conclusion

Placements are an integral part of decision-making as they ensure a promising return on investment.
MBA degrees are often expensive and demand a significant time commitment. This means that you have
to evaluate your decisions before choosing a college. Average packages give an idea about what the
salary trend is ongoing with respect to job roles in management. These figures may vary depending on
factors like designation, qualification, experience, geographical location, skillset, and much more. A
generic idea about the base salary, however, gives a rough idea about what the standards set by the
market are, resulting in easy decision-making.

All the best!
approvals

Key Approvals and Accreditations

   •   UGC & UGC-DEB: Fully entitled by the University Grants Commission and Distance Education
       Bureau to offer online degree programs.

   •   AICTE: Approved for technical and professional management programs like the Online MBA and
       Online MCA.

   •   NAAC: Accredited with an A++ grade for academic excellence and infrastructure.

   •   WES: Recognized by World Education Services for global education and employment evaluation.

   •   NIRF: Consistently ranked among the top universities in India. [1]
