Approvals



Statutory Approvals and Accreditations

   •   Official UGC Recognition: A bridge to the future is built. The university is officially allowed by
       the UGC to offer online degrees. These degrees have the same value as regular on-campus
       degrees.

   •   Top NAAC A+ Grade: A high rank for quality is held. This grade proves that the university is one of
       the best in India for teaching and student care.

   •   AICTE-Approved Courses: Professional courses like the Online MBA follow the official rules of
       the AICTE. This ensures your studies meet the needs of the modern work world.

   •   Global Recognition: A door to the world is opened. These degrees are recognized by global
       groups like WES. This makes them valid for those who want to work or study in the USA or
       Canada.

   •   Top NIRF Ranking: A place is held among the best universities in India. The university is
       consistently ranked high for its academic excellence.

   •   Global Network: As a member of the ACU, your degree is part of a respected network of
       universities across many countries.

Placement



Online Manipal Overview

Manipal Online is a part of the Manipal Group. The university is known for its UGC-entitled and NAAC-
accredited UG and PG online courses. Education designed for working professionals and busy individuals,
the university also focuses on creating the best career opportunities for you. You would get a
comprehensive curriculum, an advanced digital platform, a diverse cohort, well-rounded career
assistance, and practical learning

Particulars                  Information

                             Manipal University
College Name                 Location: The main campus is in Udipi, Karnataka. Other campuses are in Mangalore, Bangalo
                             Melaka (Malaysia)

Accreditations and
                             NAAC A+/UGC/NBA/AICTE
Certifications

Recognitions and Rankings NIRF Ranked/QS World University Asia 2026 Ranked

Popular Courses              MBA, MCom, MCA, MA, BCA, BBA, BA, BCom
                               Campus immersion, exclusive access to 10,000+ courses on Coursera, weekly webinars, reco
Learning Methodology
                               doubt-clearing sessions, and case study sessions

Placement Assistance           100% support

                               Placement orientation, upskilling, self-paced learning, placement drives, resume building, m
Career Services
                               alumni network

Online Manipal Key Placement Statistics

Manipal Online is known for its holistic support for the learners. The university designs each semester to
make you job-ready through skill-based certification modules, self-paced learning content, and industry
interaction sessions. This is followed by recruitment drives by the chosen hiring partners. You don't
believe us, here are the complete details with the real statistics issued on the official university website.

    Learners offered placement assistance: 25,000+

    Opportunities created: 20,000+

    Hiring partners: 500+

    Industry-readiness videos, live sessions: 1000+

    Offers received: 1000+

Job Opportunities Across Industries After Online Manipal Courses 2026

After completing popular courses such as online MBA, BCA, MCA, and BBA from Manipal, you can
explore a diverse range of industries with your knowledge. Today, you are not limited to a singular
industry; you can have a zig-zag or a non-linear career trajectory. Let's take a look:

Industry                       Job Roles

Hospitals and Healthcare       Healthcare Data Analyst, Healthcare Consultant, Medical Affairs Manager, Health Informatic

Banking and Financial
                               Relationship Executive, Credit Analyst, Financial Analyst, Banking Associate, Risk Analyst, Op
Institutions

                               Customer Success Associate, Business Development Executive, Content Developer, Junior Pr
Edtech/Fintech
                               Operations Associate

                               Sales Associate, Category Executive, Supply Chain Coordinator, Digital Marketing Associate,
Retail and E-Commerce
                               Executive

                               Software Developer, QA Tester, Data Analyst, Technical Support Engineer, Cybersecurity Ana
IT/ITeS
                               Associate

FMCG                           Sales Executive, Management Trainee, Marketing Associate, Supply Chain Executive, Procure
Business Consulting            Business Analyst, Research Associate, Associate Consultant, Operations Analyst, Market Res

Media and Entertainment        Content Creator, Social Media Executive, Video Editor, Production Assistant, Digital Marketin

                               Production Engineer, Quality Analyst, Supply Chain Executive, Maintenance Engineer, Qualit
Manufacturing
                               Manager, Supply Chain Manager

                               Real Estate Consultant, Project Manager, Asset Manager, Business Development Manager, S
Real Estate
                               Coordinator, Quantity Surveyor, Procurement Executive

Infrastructure                 Project Manager, Construction Manager, Contracts Manager, Operations Manager, Infrastru

                               Hotel Management Trainee, Front Office Associate, Guest Relations Executive, Travel Consul
Hospitality and Tourism
                               Revenue Manager, Event Manager,

Is Manipal online degree valid for government jobs?

Yes, Manipal online courses are valid for government as well as private jobs. The validity of an online
degree is dependent on the accreditations and recognition it has received from the institutional bodies,
such as UGC, NAAC, AICTE, AIU, NIRF, WES, NBA, and more.

Online Manipal Jaipur has been recognised by UGC to offer online degrees equivalent to campus
degrees. Moreover, it is one of the 1 NAAC A+ accredited universities from Rajasthan. Besides this, it has
also been ranked by NIRF and QS World University Rankings Asia.

Online Manipal Top Hiring Partners

Online Manipal collaborates with the top domestic and international companies to help you align with
your dream career goal. Here is the list of the reputed hiring partners who are associated with Manipal
Online:

 Hiring Partners                                                                          Hiring Partners


 Capgemini                                                                                Diageo


 Hexa Health                                                                              Goldman Sachs


 HDFC Ergo                                                                                Intellipaat


 Accenture                                                                                IBM


 Deloitte                                                                                 LT Mindtree
 EY                                                                                           Allstate


 Infosys                                                                                      Car Dekho


 TATA communications                                                                          Infinity Learn


 HP                                                                                           Bambino

Understanding Online Manipal Placement Assistance 2026

The college offers its students the following assistance in terms of placements:

    1. Resume building:

The university organises sessions where HR experts and professionals will help you create impactful
resumes and CVs. Keep in mind that your resume should mirror your skills, so it can be handled carefully.

    2. Alumni interactions during and after the programme:

Manipal Online’s placement assistance would allow you to interact with alumni to gain insights about
industries. These sessions will enhance your skills through global exposure. You can also avail yourself of
these sessions after the programme is over.

    3. Industry readiness sessions:

You are trained with the essential skills, recruiter behaviours, and organisational skills. The idea is to help
you familiarise yourself with the desired skill set across industries.

    4. Virtual placement drives:

The university also conducts webinars and regular placement drives. You can apply for jobs that align
with your profile, interests, skillsets, and career goals.

    5. Interview practice:

Manipal Online shall provide you with a chance to learn how to crack an interview effectively through
mock interview sessions and key tips for performing well.

Online Manipal Placement Journey 2026

If you are also wondering what the Manipal online 100% placement assistance journey includes, we have
got you. The university follows a step-by-step approach. After the completion of your online programme,
you shall become career-ready. It follows the following steps:

    •   Placement Orientation: The first step includes orientation, wherein you would learn about the
        entire process, timelines, and how the cycle will move.

    •   Upskilling: The Manipal online offers 1700+ curated role-based and skill-focused mini modules
        that shall help you elevate your career prospects and build job-ready skills.
    •   Self-Paced Learning: Through self-learning modules, you shall get a chance to work on your
        verbal ability, employability skills, and functional technical skills. These sessions cover resume
        building, LinkedIn profile building, interview sessions, and role-specific technical skills.

    •   Placement Portal Enrollment: In this step, you would learn about the AI-powered online Manipal
        placement portal. Besides this, you get a chance to assess your skills through an assessment,
        followed by enrollment in the placement portal.

    •   Placement Drives: In the placement portal, you can simply click and apply for jobs for which you
        are qualified. From placement assistance to job fairs, the portal is your one-stop solution for
        placement.

Online Manipal Alumni Review

Here are the Manipal online student feedbacks. They will help you understand the relevance and real
benefits of pursuing an online degree from the university. Check it out:

Ritu Mishra (Online MBA):

While pursuing the Manipal online MBA, Ritu found the webinars on interview skills to be really helpful
for her HR role. Moreover, the sessions were not only insightful but also very interactive.

Anish Kumar Verma:

The placement-related webinars conducted by Online Manipal were insightful, and industry experts were
knowledgeable. The sessions helped Ashish improve his skills and be better prepared to attend job
interviews.

Rudrash Natekar, Online MBA:

Rudrash found the course to be enriching. It was taught by experts in a well-structured manner. The
guidance and mentorship played a key role in his educational journey. It helped him gain subject matter
expertise. Moreover, the webinars given by experienced professionals helped him gain relevant industry
insights into key areas.

Devankur Ray, Online MBA:

The Manipal online MBA helped Devankur develop a solution-oriented mindset and understand customer
wants and needs. Moreover, he built analytical thinking abilities and effective communication skills.
Resume building sessions and personal interview preparation mocks helped him boost his confidence and
land a role at Bajaj Allianz.

What Recruiters Say About Manipal Online?

Here are some Manipal online alumni feedbacks from the top recruiters across industries. Check it out:

1. Ashish Verma, HR Manager, Corizo

The learners from online Manipal are equipped with both in-depth industry knowledge and practical
skills. The online learners are well-trained, have good communication skills and are presentable at in-
person interviews.

2. Bhaskar, HR Manager, Codeyoung
The students from Manipal online showcase good communication and interpersonal skills. Moreover,
they are aware of the current industry trends and eager to learn and grow with the organisation. This
kind of curiosity to learn was inspirational.

3. Rohit Sharma, General Manager - Head Talent Management, Colive

As a recruiter i was inspired by how well-talented and knowledgeable the learners were. The online
Manipal students are proficient in communication, adaptability, and AI tools.

Final Words

Online Manipal is known for offering career advisory and counselling services and placement assistance
for its students’ job search. Students require guidance in their respective programmes, especially when
studying online. Therefore, each semester at Manipal Online is focused on preparing the students for the
job market and several other industries. Therefore, a student aspiring to prepare for placements
seamlessly must consider these sessions.
